hi this is tony from cookingaround
welcome again to my kitchen and today
i'm going to make something very hard
and very special a cottage pie now I
don't do it typically the same way as a
lot of people do I don't use the cheese
because I want the flavor for the need
to come up so I have all these goodies
here and let's get started this is going
to be right here so we have our pan
hurry hot we add two tablespoons of oil
and I take two medium onions diced stir
the dough around now half-point on
heating pipe just let that cook for
about and to medium carrots diced
and about a stock and a half of celery
slice and now about 1/4 cup of butter
now you can use more butter for this
recipes you want and about a teaspoon of
salt
just about to come along the point we
just want the butter to melt and into
the vegetables but I do not want to over
cook do it now you can see the
vegetables right now have softened and
what I basically do is turn off the heat
and remove this in the pan you get up
again I took the vegetables put on the
side and I'm about to do something
really really naughty now you don't have
to do this but it gives that little
extra oomph
and taste in the meat I'm using a
tablespoon a pig fat yes pure pig fat I
know a lot of these are they're saying
oh so good but it's going high
cholesterol you know something you're
right but if you don't want to use that
just put two tablespoons upwards so now
I'm gonna let this heat up okay now I
have here about eight hundred grams of
ground beef and I have them ground
especially for me I chose the beef with
a medium fat content in it give it some
flavor you can use lean but you're not
going to get that nice texture taste as
if you would use a medium so it's up to
you
and
oh my themselves now you can see that
the meat is all ground but still if you
look here too much liquid and I'm going
to remove this liquid right now by
putting the lid on top and removing this
okay
I removed part of the liquid here this
plus some there so I'm just going to
cook for another three to five minutes
just to take the rest of the liquid
humor bond now you can leave it if you
want I like to do it this way and now we
have 300 milligrams of beef stock now
this is only half the other half is on
the side and try to get the best quality
beef stock account or just dissolve a
couple of cubes into one water and now I
put that on give it a nice stir is
liquid on the bottom again
but it's the liquid that I want at this
point and now I go back to our
vegetables on the website and we put
them all by sight
and now stir that around now how is that
cottage pie starter boxing bell around
and now I'm going to add about a
tablespoon of leading berries or you can
add which is your sauce
whichever one you want and I put well
about tablespoon and all what all right
stir that around why is that ever
looking good and now the famous famous
effort I would say about a teaspoon of
pepper and about a teaspoon of thyme now
you can add more or you can add less and
now you grab the rest of half of the
each stock and you add about one
tablespoon of white flour or corn flour
and I want you to whisk that really
really well and then I want you to take
that and put that into your mixture just
like that how is that stackable now it's
important for the base nest for salt so
Beverly here and remember again what I
said this is for you not for me and we
just you know I think it's just perfect
I will not have any more salt or
anything else now you can add other
herbs and spices you want to here I can
add a little bit of hot sauce if you
want but I'm just going to make it
natural like this and then the hot sauce
later autumn I did
play the kiss just in case my guests
don't like it that huh
so then what I do is I add some parsley
now you don't have to put parsley do
this recipe because it really doesn't
call for parsing but you know something
I like the atom countries and vitamins
that come to the purse like unless he
gives it a nice look so I just put that
it but like I said you don't have your
so this about half a cup fresh firstly I
use around or that's my favorite and now
we just turn off the heat and we put
this beside and going to be stitch okay
we're back I have here about a kilo of
potatoes I chose the starch type of
potatoes because we're going to make
mashed potatoes so they were boiled time
until they're softened and now we take
our handy dandy little masher and we
just make one complete circle around
each over Oh
smush and now I had about a quarter cup
of butter about a teaspoon of salt and
again the famous about three-quarters of
a teaspoon
whatever and now we just move that one
more time around just to get everything
mixed now if you want the potatoes a
little bit more soft just add a little
bit of milk and depends on your potato
depends on how thick you want for this
recipe I don't want to add any milk I
want the potato stick now I'll take your
handy handy spoon and give it a good
good stir that it's not ready we are I
got my baking dish I'm using glass for
me it's easier to wash you can use the
metal or you can use a lasagna dish to
anyone so here it is and now we take our
mixture here that we get up the meat and
that all inside
mmm just I love the smell the balloon
Perry's mixing with the heat go and
bring that around and try to make that
as even as possible this is the way I
like to do things and try not to be too
perfect in the kitchen because the
kitchen is another place for
perfectionists yeah and now we take our
mashed potatoes and we put that inside
now this recipe is very very special for
me it is my recipe and I know it's my
recipe because I basically stole it from
my friend Eamon well mom when she is a
chef a great chef in Cyprus which I will
add a link to his restaurant at the end
of this video and he's the one that came
up with this recipe and like I said he
was generous enough to leave the door
open and I went from the door and I took
his recipe he might be a little upset
with me because after all I did put
bacon fat in it the recipe does not call
for that but I like to be a bit of a
troublemaker now at this point you can
add cheese to the top if you want I'm
not going to any cheese I like it just
the way it is now at this point I'd like
to take my fork and just basically I
like to run it like this on top and the
reason is for some reason it makes it
more crispy and then the size are just
tucking the sides like this and there we
have it now my oven is preheated to 325
degrees it is a gas stove and what I'm
going to do is I'm going to leave it in
there for 40 minutes and we will be back
this right out of the oven so what we're
going to do now is we're just going to
let it cool down for I say about 30
minutes before we cut it now if you want
to talk to me a little bit more Brown
just open the top grill and we just go
from above but I like it like this just
when the tips start to turn brown
because I
like too much Christmas but then again
that's what I like whatever you like
and now just dump it off it takes a nice
parsley and just sprinkle the top like
that now how does that look on your
station absolutely awesome so enjoy and
thank you for being with me and I hope
to see you again on my next risk thank
you